Your Highness.
The Kuaiyi remnants lurking nearby
have all been wiped out.
According to that girl,
she saved you last night in a life-or-death moment.
She saved me?
Yes.
Such a delicate young lady,
yet she risked her life to save you.
She looked frail.
Yes.
About twenty, maybe a little older.
She's got courage.
If not for her,
you'd be dead by now.
Could there be rosemary here?
Because of her,
I'm afraid
they'll die even faster.
Sharp tongue.
But...
Your Highness!
Are you all right, Your Highness?
Keep quiet.
Change back.
Not bad.
Your Highness,
you searched all day and night yesterday.
Did you find what Yang Ping described,
a woman like both beast and demon?
Was she a Jade Waist Slave?
You searched all day and night yesterday.
Did you find what Yang Ping described,
that woman like both beast and demon?
No, I didn't.
Benefactor...
Little Xiangyun, are you feeling better?
Your Highness,
since this girl is your savior,
we should prepare some silver
and have the constables escort her home.
No.
Why?
Why don't you want to go back?
I...
I lost both my parents when I was young.
I'm almost eighteen.
They want to marry me off
to a man I don't even know.
Little Auspicious Cloud,
could you
take me out of these deep mountains
and let me see the outside world?
All right.
His Majesty is gravely ill.
We've already been delayed two days.
I'll return to the capital tomorrow to report in.
Understood.
So you couldn't bear to part with me either.
Yes.
You're my savior.
How could I bear to let you go?
Until the curse is lifted from my body,
I
won't let you run away.
Come, let's eat.
Lianhua is the better cook.
Yes, much better than us.
Come on, eat.
Xiao Jiangzhu, eat more.
Smells amazing.
Finally, a proper meal.
No, no.
Not yet.
Your Highness,
isn't that girl your savior?
This is...
Who would've thought the emetic from Cisse
would end up being used on her.
Qingniang,
mix this into every dish.
As long as she eats it,
within two hours,
she won't be able to lie.
Yes, sir.
I prepared all this for you.
Eat whatever you like.
My Sixth Aunt taught me
that if the host hasn't eaten,
I can't eat first.
What kind of rule is that?
Then you eat first.
Foolish demon.
Why insist on returning to the manor with me?
To find rosemary for you.
And then?
Then I'll use a speech charm.
I'll make you forget your Sixth and Seventh Aunts,
and forget hunting Jade Waist Slaves.
How did I spill everything?
How do I remove the curse?
You need...
Need what?
Spit it out.
Are you talking or not?
Talk.
Don't force me.
Spit it out.
Now.
Say it!
At Prince Yan's Manor.
Urgent imperial decree!
His Majesty summons Your Highness to the palace.
Understood.
Keep a close watch on her.
Post heavy guards.
No negligence.
Miss,
still willing to eat this?
Yes.
Imperial Uncle.
You're finally back.
Imperial Uncle returns in triumph.
Yuheng should have gone to greet you in person.
Rather than your formal welcome,
I'd rather see you back on your feet soon,
with me,
fighting the enemy side by side.
Your nephew is incompetent.
You are indeed incompetent.
Or was it deliberate?
This victory
was possible only because of your contribution.
It is all thanks to Father's wise guidance.
But on your return,
you delayed two full days.
Grandfather,
Imperial Uncle must have been wounded,
that's why he came back late.
Yuheng.
Step outside first.
Imperial Uncle,
Yuheng overstepped.
Still, I ask that you visit Jianxiang Studio more often,
and see Sister Zhaohua.
Please pass on my greetings.
My betrothed,
and you care for her deeply.
Father Emperor,
why did you summon me?
What did you do in those two days?
Delayed by a romantic entanglement?
It's true.
The emetic from Cisse
was indeed used on her.
For a mere woman,
you lost all sense.
This is no small matter.
She is different.
I can't see through her,
but...
she seized my heartbeat
and locked my breath.
Your Highness...
Please stop.
Let him speak.
How did she seize it?
How did she lock it?
Her hands were ice-cold.
The moment I held her hand,
I was bewitched by her.
She made me lose control.
I wanted to protect her without thinking.
But her heart was warm.
If not for her,
your son
would have died to the Kuaiyi long ago.
Absurd.
You were actually swayed
by an unknown woman.
What happened twelve years ago,
have you forgotten?
Twelve years ago,
one wrong decision of mine
led to
comrades who fought beside me
being slaughtered
by the Jade Waist Slaves.
And to this day,
you still haven't exterminated
the thirteen Jade Waist Slaves who escaped.
Have you forgotten who you are?
Have you forgotten your duty?
Father,
I dare not forget.
Your son is at fault.
I am willing to accept punishment.
Cheng Su.
Your Majesty.
I already betrothed Qin Zhaohua to you.
Yet you dare carry on with women outside?
Now that you're back,
you two
shall choose a date and marry.
Miss Qin,
Prince Yan has entered the palace to see His Majesty.
These are all gifts he sent you.
We will discuss the wedding date with you soon.
Thank you for Your Highness's concern.
Miss has packed everything.
It's time to go to Bichen Palace to treat the Crown Prince.
I'm not going.
The Crown Prince's leg can be treated by others as well.
Yun'er,
organize the Crown Prince's medical records.
We'll send them to the Imperial Medical Academy.
Then I'll also
write down the medicines he often uses for wounds.
The Crown Prince fell two days ago.
His whole arm pressed onto shattered porcelain.
Shattered porcelain?
He was injured.
I don't know the details.
Shijin said it was a huge bloody wound.
He didn't even dare look.
His Highness's health...
I worked so hard on it.
How did he get hurt again?
Miss Qin,
this is this old servant's fault.
The Crown Prince found the perfect pearl
to repair your mother's pearl hairpin.
The pearl dropped to the floor.
I was decocting medicine at the time.
His Highness went to pick it up himself,
accidentally hit the vase,
and fell to the ground again.
So that's why...
Steward,
why say all this?
I was careless.
I brought the Crown Prince's medical records.
They'll be sent to the Imperial Medical Bureau shortly.
From now on,
this servant will handle the decoctions.
I've cleaned your wound
and changed the medicine.
I should go now.
You don't call me "Your Highness" anymore.
I called your name.
Your Highness...
If I weren't injured,
would you still come see me?
Your Highness,
Zhaohua was born lowly.
My mother died of illness; my father died in battle.
Even my only uncle abandoned me.
It was Prince Yan
who kept his promise and brought me into the palace,
let me study medicine,
and gain His Majesty's favor.
Only then could I treat Your Highness.
If Your Highness errs again,
Zhaohua cannot bear that blame.
I've said what I needed to say.
I must go now.
It hurts so much!
What's wrong? Where does it hurt?
My heart aches.
You're cutting ties with me.
It hurts too much.
Shen Yuheng.
We grew up together.
Not only Imperial Uncle,
but me as well.
The one who can marry you
is not only Imperial Uncle's choice,
but mine even more.
This...
why did Miss Qin run off in such panic?
Steward,
once the hairpin is repaired,
how can I surprise Zhaohua?
This...
Your Highness,
Miss Qin told this old servant yesterday
that Prince Yan has returned to the capital.
She said she would not come again.
This old servant will leave the palace at once
and invite Miss Qin back.
This old servant deserves death.
So...
that is why she could rightfully
come treat me.
If she felt nothing,
why would she flee in such disorder?
This old servant will return it to her.
Keep it.
Seeing her again is enough.
Now that Imperial Uncle has returned,
it's time to spend some time with him.
Send someone
to watch Prince Yan's residence closely.
Your Highness, you've just been caned.
You mustn't overexert yourself.
Take this.
Once military matters are settled,
lead a team
deep into the distant forest.
Search along the directions on this map.
Perhaps you'll find
where the Jade Waist Slaves are hiding.
Yes, sir.
Your Highness,
you are no longer a child.
Yet His Majesty struck so heavily.
He knew you were returning in triumph,
already covered in wounds.
Qingniang,
I was at fault these past days.
I accept the punishment.
While I was in the palace,
did anything happen at the manor?
You mean Miss Jiangzhu?
After she ate,
she only told the truth
and praised everyone she met.
She has a wonderful temperament and people like her.
That's all.
Keep a close eye on her.
Don't let her wander out.
Yes.
By the way, Your Highness,
among the trunks brought back from the army,
there was one chest
with a scholar-looking man hiding inside.
He kept babbling nonsense,
saying his wife
was like a ghost and a demon.
His wife
looked like a ghost,
and like a demon too.
MkvDrama.Net